or the succulents we made of youtube in
this video will teach you how to download and
install vigor of totally free
portable di gordi is a survival game
souter to the star bound style and close
but in this case the swords will be
replaced by assault rifles
pistols shotguns and other weapons x
hindi Gordi we will also have materials
construction accessory pets
defending turrets that will help us
defeat the enemies that cross us
nor to the voices of this rare good world
enough talk and let's start
i
as I said the program is super
compressed and it's totally portable so
that does not need installation or
configuration so I'll just download in
the file that I will leave in the
description of the video will click
right and extract here we hope that
extract
as we see from this folder
it is important that you do not touch on these
records
to play they will only open day by day exc
but I recommend you configure it for
to run as administrator
good friends that was all I hope you
like the game because it is very good and
yet nobody had uploaded it for free now
I'll leave the gameplay
i
all right
here